Application Name: 
MMITSS_California Filed

Version Number: 
v1.0

Installation Instructions:
There is no installer included with this package. Only Source code is provided

Description:
This package includes source code of the MMITSS California implementation. 

In MMITSS California implementation, the MRP (MMITSS Roadside Processor), which hosts the core MMITSS applications 
and software to interface with RSE and traffic controller, is a Linux-based industrial PC. The MRP is installed inside
the traffic cabinet. The package works with Model 2070 controller running Caltrans TSCP (Traffic Signal Control Program). 
The MRP connects with the 2070 controller through two RS-232 serial ports and communicates with the traffic controller 
through AB3418 messaging. The MRP communicates with RSE using Ethernet.

There are four major component of MMITSS California field version: Intelligent Signal Control (I-SIG), Signal Priority (SP), 
Mobile Accessible Pedestrian Signal System (PED-SIG) and real-time performance observer (PERF-OBS).

Intelligent Signal Control (I-SIG)
I-SIG provides cv-based signal actuation and dilemma zone protection. I-SIG takes vehicle trajectory data from BSMs,
places a service call on the controller for the phase that controls the vehicle's movement, and when needed, extends the green phase 
for dilemma zone protecion. The phase call and extension control comands are comminucated with the traffic controller through 
AB3418 over RS-232 communications.

Signal Priority (SP)
Signal priority provides priority to different modes of vehicles including transit vehicles and trucks. Priority eligible vehicles 
receive SPAT, MAP and SSM from RSE when they enter the DSRC range and generate SRMs. MRP considers all the active requests from 
different vehicle, decides the approriate priority treatment, and places priority calls to the traffic controller through AB3418 
over RS-232 communications.

Mobile Accessible Pedestrian Signal System (PED-SIG)
PED-SIG works together with Savari SmartCross application. Through the SmartCross mobile app, a user can visualize the remaining time 
on the active pedestrian phase, send a pedestrian request, and get audio assistance on the walkcross. This package includes applications 
that send SPAT and MAP to the SmartCross app, receive pedestrian request, and place a pedetrain service call on the traffic controller. 
Please contact Savari (http://www.savarinetworks.com/) for the Smartcross Mobile app.
  
Real-time Performance Observer (PERF-OBS)
PERF-OBS monitors all the users on the road through BSMs and collects real-time performance data by movement by mode such as 
travel time, delay, etc. 

Operating system and compiler: 
This package includes two groups of source code, one in the 'mrp' subdirectory and the other in the 'RSE_OBE' subdirectory.
The 'mrp' subdirectory contains the source code for applications to run on the MRP. A README and makefile are included for each group of
source code within this subdirectory. The MRP programs should be run on Linux. The version of Linux that is used in California field is as follows:
    DISTRIB_ID=Ubuntu
    DISTRIB_RELEASE=12.04
    DISTRIB_CODENAME=precise
    DISTRIB_DESCRIPTION="Ubuntu 12.04.2 LTS" 
    
The 'RSE_OBE' subdirectory contains the source code for applications to run on OBE and RSE. A README and makefile are included each group of 
source code within this subdirectory. The OBE/RSE programs should be run on Savari STREETWAVE (RSE) device or MobiWAVE (OBE/ASD) device.
Savari StreetWAVE and MobiWAVE toolchain is required to compile the source code. Please contact Savari (http://www.savarinetworks.com/) for 
STREETWAVE or MobiWAVE SDK. The version of OBE and RSE used in the California field is version 3.1.2.1 firmware. 

Website:
Detailed System Design Documentation is available throught the Connected Vehicle Pooled Fund Study website: 
   http://www.cts.virginia.edu/cvpfs_research/
